#summary Y.M.F.A.S. Design Doc Wiki
#labels Phase-Design

= Introduction =

A multiplayer 3-D first-person space pilot simulation game.  Includes accurate inertial physics with a computer-assisted "aim where you fly" mode and customized maneuver scripting.

= Details =
== Game Setup ==
Y.M.F.A.S. is a multiplayer-only game, except for a single player tutorial / practice mode.  The main menu will contain buttons to host or join a game over UDP.

After hosting or joining a game, a player enters the game *lobby*, where players may chat  and organize teams until each of them has indicated that they are ready to begin the game.  At this point, the game host may start the match.

== Environment / Maps ==
== Game Modes ==
=== Deathmatch ===
A free-for-all where each pilot may shoot down any other pilot to earn points.
=== Team Deathmatch ===
Similar to deathmatch, but pits two teams (organized in the *lobby*) against each other.  Friendly fire is enabled, and shooting down a friendly ship will lose a pilot points.
=== Capture the Flag ===
=== Convoy Defense ===
A slow-moving freight convoy is moving from some point A to some point B on the map.  Players are divided into teams: one team must protect the convoy until it reachees its destination while annother attempts to assault it.
== Ships ==
=== Propulsion Systems ===
=== Weapon Systems ===
=== Defense Systems ===
=== Power Systems ===
* All the ship's systems share a main power supply.  
* Pilots control what percentage of power is directed towards weaponry, propulsion, and shielding.  
* Power to shielding can be routed  in each of the 6 +/- X,Y, and Z directions.  
* Each ship has a power transfer rate which is higher the lower its class (interceptors are most adept at re-routing power)  
* By default, the ship has enough power to operate all systems at 100% capacity, with an extra 10% power in reserve.  The effects of overloading different systems is described above.
=== Classes ===
*INTERCEPTOR*
*CORVETTE*
*CRUISER*
*BATTLESHIP*